0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

        It is an obscure term ostensibly referring to a lung disease caused by silica
        dust, sometimes cited as one of the longest words in the English language.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

        It gets the resource usage.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

        It has 16 members.

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to
    calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

        Not using before and after will just make the program process slowly and lets
        it eat lot of memory.

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes
    about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed
    understand how that function’s for loop works.

        Simply, the fgetc function gets the next character from the file and moves
        forward through the file until it reaches the end of file. The retrieved
        character then is checked if it is purely alphabetical, or an apostrophe
        (that's not at the beginning of the word). The character then is added to the
        array. But if the character is not alphabetical, it is ignored and move forward.
        The word is ended by putting \0 to the array.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather
    than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put
    another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?

        Using fscanf would only give rise to different problems such as scanning even
        punctuations and adding them to the array etc.

6.  Using const would prevent the data pointed to from being changed. As we are checking
    for the spelling, we have to be as accurate as possible.

        Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which
        means "constant")?
